README.md, before:

# crypto-gps
([skip below to start your journey](#start-your-journey))

## Introduction
The cryptocurrency industry has exploded since the initial release of the nine-page Satoshi white paper back in 2008. Today, someone looking to get started in the industry is faced with wading into a space of hundreds of different cryptocurrencies, white papers, and intersecting technologies from cryptography, computer networking, and much more. Just figuring out how to buy, sell, send, and hold your first coins can feel overwhelming and scary.

The idea with this repo is to create a community-driven platform to help people navigate this ever-expanding industry. The goal is for this to be loosely structured around Questions and Answers. Is there a question you would like answered? You're probably not alone. Is there a question you remember having and want to help someone who might be in a similar situation? Submit the question and answer yourself.

## Structure
The vision for this project is to be a kind of "Choose your own adventure". There is so much covered in the area of cryptocurrencies and blockchain that it can be hard to address every different kind of concern or area of interest. So we'd like this to be easy for people to navigate to find the types of information they need (whether they know they need it or not).

The structure is a mix of wiki-style written answers, edited by the community, as well as curated lists of useful resources for those that want to dig in deeper to a particular subject. We would like to also avoid any particular section becoming too dense or bogged down in content. So, like a map or gps directions, you can click around the repo to find the section relevant to what you're interested in (and maybe find something new along the way).

This project is also blockchain agnostic. The focus will be on the most high-profile projects (e.g. Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc.) as these have the most information and interest and so will have dedicated sections, but these can be expanded based on interest and contributions (questions and answers). Sections and pages should be roughly organized by topics (investment, cryptography, blockchains/projects) and within those by difficulty (beginner, intermediate, and advanced).

## Contribution Guidelines
Just like any other GitHub project, fork the repo, make your change, and submit a PR for review. Changes may be requested usually around requests for more details and readability or to improve organization. Since we're trying to cover a wide range of topics and interests, from technical, to consumer level, to investment, all questions, answers, and resources are welcome as long they help to further knowledge related to the subject matter of blockchains and cryptocurrencies.

## Start Your Journey
- [Step 0](./step0.md) - The "Whys" of cryptocurrency and blockchains
- [Step 1](./step1.md) - Getting started with wallets and exchanges
- [Step 2](./step2.md) - Blockchains
- [Cryptography](./cryptography/introduction.md)
- [Bitcoin](./bitcoin/introduction.md)
- [Ethereum](./ethereum/introduction.md)

Commit message:

last step and issue instructions

README.md, after:

# crypto-gps
([skip below to start your journey](#start-your-journey))

## Introduction
The cryptocurrency industry has exploded since the initial release of the nine-page Satoshi white paper back in 2008. Today, someone looking to get started in the industry is faced with wading into a space of hundreds of different cryptocurrencies, white papers, and intersecting technologies from cryptography, computer networking, and much more. Just figuring out how to buy, sell, send, and hold your first coins can feel overwhelming and scary.

The idea with this repo is to create a community-driven platform to help people navigate this ever-expanding industry. The goal is for this to be loosely structured around Questions and Answers. Is there a question you would like answered? You're probably not alone. Is there a question you remember having and want to help someone who might be in a similar situation? Submit the question and answer yourself.

## Structure
The vision for this project is to be a kind of "Choose your own adventure". There is so much covered in the area of cryptocurrencies and blockchain that it can be hard to address every different kind of concern or area of interest. So we'd like this to be easy for people to navigate to find the types of information they need (whether they know they need it or not).

The structure is a mix of wiki-style written answers, edited by the community, as well as curated lists of useful resources for those that want to dig in deeper to a particular subject. We would like to also avoid any particular section becoming too dense or bogged down in content. So, like a map or gps directions, you can click around the repo to find the section relevant to what you're interested in (and maybe find something new along the way).

This project is also blockchain agnostic. The focus will be on the most high-profile projects (e.g. Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc.) as these have the most information and interest and so will have dedicated sections, but these can be expanded based on interest and contributions (questions and answers). Sections and pages should be roughly organized by topics (investment, cryptography, blockchains/projects) and within those by difficulty (beginner, intermediate, and advanced).

## Contribution Guidelines
Just like any other GitHub project, fork the repo, make your change, and submit a PR for review. Changes may be requested usually around requests for more details and readability or to improve organization. Since we're trying to cover a wide range of topics and interests, from technical, to consumer level, to investment, all questions, answers, and resources are welcome as long they help to further knowledge related to the subject matter of blockchains and cryptocurrencies.

#### Have a question you'd like answered?
Submit your question as a GitHub Issue. Other people can then look through pending issues for questions they would like to answer and submit as a PR. Or if you find the answer yourself, you can submit a PR to answer your own question!


## Start Your Journey
- [Step 0](./step0.md) - The "Whys" of cryptocurrency and blockchains
- [Step 1](./step1.md) - Getting started with wallets and exchanges
- [Step 2](./step2.md) - Blockchains
- [Cryptography](./cryptography/introduction.md)
- [Bitcoin](./bitcoin/introduction.md)
- [Ethereum](./ethereum/introduction.md)
