step1.md, before:

# Step 1 - Buy, Store, and Secure Your Cryptocurrency

So you've got a basic idea of what a blockchain is and the problem it's trying to solve. Or... maybe you don't and you just want to get your hands on some cryptocurrencies and start playing around with it yourself.

## Table of Contents
- [Buy](#buy)
  - [Exchanges](#exchanges)
- [Store](#store)
  - [Wallets](#wallets)
- [Secure](#secure)
  - [Cold Storage](#cold-storage)
  - [Mnemonics](#mnemonics)
- [Navigator](#Navigator)

## Buy
### Exchanges
Unless you directly earn cryptocurrency in exchange for goods or services, you will need an exchange in order to buy and sell cryptocurrency from your native currency. The two primary kinds of exchanges are Crypto-to-Crypto and Fiat-to-Crypto, where the latter generally requires a more rigorous registration process as the services are required to comply with local KYC (Know Your Customer) and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) regulations.

## Store
### Wallets
Nearly all cryptocurrencies in existence require a wallet in order to hold funds in the currency. For the more developed projects, these manage a lot of the complicated cryptographic processes that happen behind the scenes. Good wallets let you backup and recover your funds, are encrypted, and have varying levels of security. The following are the different kinds from least to most secure with links to learn more for different cryptocurrencies:

#### Hosted Wallets
* [Blockchain](https://blockchain.info/wallet) (iOS|Android|Web)

#### SPV/Light Client Wallets
- [breadwallet](https://breadapp.com/) (iOS|Android)

#### Full Node
- [Bitcoin Core](https://bitcoin.org/en/download) (Windows|Mac|Linux)

#### Hardware Wallets
- [Ledger](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/)

#### Cold Storage
- [Bitcoin Armory](https://btcarmory.com/) (Windows|Mac|Linux)

#### Paper Wallet
- [bitaddress.org](https://bitaddress.org) - This [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTsHeiBhPIM) outlines how to use bitaddress.org.

## Secure
[Needs content]

### Cold Storage
[Needs content]

### Mnemonics
[Needs content]


## Navigator
- [Step 0](./step0.md) - The "Whys" of cryptocurrency and blockchains
- [Step 1](./step1.md) - Buy, Store, and Secure your Cryptocurrencies
- [Step 2](./step2.md) - Technical Basics
- [Step 3](./step3.md) - Crypto beyond currencies
- [Last Step](./last-step.md) - Follow the Conversation and Get Involved
- [Blockchains](./blockchains/blockchains.md)
- [Cryptography](./cryptography/introduction.md)
- [Bitcoin](./bitcoin/bitcoin.md)
- [Ethereum](./ethereum/ethereum.md)

Commit message:

Add some fiat-to-crypto & crypto-to-crypto exchanges

step1.md, after:

# Step 1 - Buy, Store, and Secure Your Cryptocurrency

So you've got a basic idea of what a blockchain is and the problem it's trying to solve. Or... maybe you don't and you just want to get your hands on some cryptocurrencies and start playing around with it yourself.

## Table of Contents
- [Buy](#buy)
  - [Exchanges](#exchanges)
- [Store](#store)
  - [Wallets](#wallets)
- [Secure](#secure)
  - [Cold Storage](#cold-storage)
  - [Mnemonics](#mnemonics)
- [Navigator](#Navigator)

## Buy
### Exchanges
Unless you directly earn cryptocurrency in exchange for goods or services, you will need an exchange in order to buy and sell cryptocurrency from your native currency. The two primary kinds of exchanges are Crypto-to-Crypto and Fiat-to-Crypto, where the latter generally requires a more rigorous registration process as the services are required to comply with local KYC (Know Your Customer) and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) regulations.

Below you'll find a non-exhaustive list of some of the exchanges you can use to buy/sell/trade cryptocurrency.

#### Fiat-to-Crypto Exchanges
- [Coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/) & [GDAX](https://www.gdax.com/) (USD|EUR/Crypto)
- [Gemini](https://gemini.com/) (USD/Crypto)
- [Robinhood](https://crypto.robinhood.com/) (USD/Crypto)
- [Square Cash](https://cash.me/) (USD/Crypto)
- [Bithumb](https://www.bithumb.com/) (KRW/Crypto)
- [bitFlyer](https://bitflyer.jp/) (JPY/Crypto)
- [Local Bitcoins](https://localbitcoins.com/) 

#### Crypto-to-Crypto Exchanges
- [Binance](https://www.binance.com/)
- [Poloniex](https://poloniex.com/)
- [Bittrex](https://bittrex.com/)
- [Kraken](https://www.kraken.com/)
- [GDAX](https://www.gdax.com/)

## Store
### Wallets
Nearly all cryptocurrencies in existence require a wallet in order to hold funds in the currency. For the more developed projects, these manage a lot of the complicated cryptographic processes that happen behind the scenes. Good wallets let you backup and recover your funds, are encrypted, and have varying levels of security. The following are the different kinds from least to most secure with links to learn more for different cryptocurrencies:

#### Hosted Wallets
* [Blockchain](https://blockchain.info/wallet) (iOS|Android|Web)

#### SPV/Light Client Wallets
- [breadwallet](https://breadapp.com/) (iOS|Android)

#### Full Node
- [Bitcoin Core](https://bitcoin.org/en/download) (Windows|Mac|Linux)

#### Hardware Wallets
- [Ledger](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/)

#### Cold Storage
- [Bitcoin Armory](https://btcarmory.com/) (Windows|Mac|Linux)

#### Paper Wallet
- [bitaddress.org](https://bitaddress.org) - This [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTsHeiBhPIM) outlines how to use bitaddress.org.

## Secure
[Needs content]

### Cold Storage
[Needs content]

### Mnemonics
[Needs content]


## Navigator
- [Step 0](./step0.md) - The "Whys" of cryptocurrency and blockchains
- [Step 1](./step1.md) - Buy, Store, and Secure your Cryptocurrencies
- [Step 2](./step2.md) - Technical Basics
- [Step 3](./step3.md) - Crypto beyond currencies
- [Last Step](./last-step.md) - Follow the Conversation and Get Involved
- [Blockchains](./blockchains/blockchains.md)
- [Cryptography](./cryptography/introduction.md)
- [Bitcoin](./bitcoin/bitcoin.md)
- [Ethereum](./ethereum/ethereum.md)
